README.md, before:

# [gulp](https://github.com/wearefractal/gulp)-todo
> Generate a TODO.md file from comments of files in stream

[![NPM Version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/gulp-todo.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/gulp-todo)
[![NPM Downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/gulp-todo.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/gulp-todo)
[![Build Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/pgilad/gulp-todo.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/pgilad/gulp-todo)

Parse files from a stream, extract todos/fixmes from comments and output a markdown file.

## Install

Install with [npm](https://npmjs.org/package/gulp-todo)

```bash
$ npm install --save-dev gulp-todo
```

## Usage

```js
var gulp = require('gulp');
var todo = require('gulp-todo');

//parse all your javascript files
gulp.task('todo', function() {
    gulp.src('js/**/*.js')
        .pipe(todo())
        .pipe(gulp.dest('./'));
});

//generate todo from your jade files
gulp.task('jade-todo', function() {
    gulp.src('partials/**/*.jade')
        .pipe(todo({
                fileName: 'jade-todo.md'
            }))
        .pipe(gulp.dest('./'));
});
```

## Supported Filetypes

- Javascript (`.js`) - using Esprima
- Jade (`.jade`) - using regex

If you pass a file without a path (*i.e just data*) it will be parsed as a javascript file.

#### PRs for additional filetypes is welcomed!!

## API

`todo(params)`

`params` is an optional object, that may contain the following properties:

### fileName

Specify the output filename.

**Type**: `String`

**Default**: `todo.md`

### newLine

How to separate lines in the output file. Defaults to your OS's default line separator.

**Type**: `String`

**Default**: `\n`

### verbose

Output comments to console as well.

**Type**: `Boolean`

**Default**: `false`

### transformHeader(kind)

Control the output of a header for each comment kind (*i.e todo, fixme*).

**Type**: `Function`

**Default**:
```js
function (kind) {
    return ['### ' + kind + 's',
        '| Filename | line # | todo',
        '|:------|:------:|:------'
    ];
}
```

**kind**: will be be passed as the comment kind (todo/fixme).

**Returns**: `String[]|String`

You are expected to return either an `Array of strings` or just a `string`. If you return an array - each item will be separated by a newline in the output.

### transformComment(file, line, text, kind)

Control the output for each comment.

**Type**: `Function`

**Default**:
```js
function (file, line, text) {
    return ['| ' + file + ' | ' + line + ' | ' + text];
}
```

**file**: filename the comment was in.

**line**: line of comment.

**text**: comment text

**kind**: will be be passed as the comment kind (todo/fixme).

**Returns**: `String[]|String`

You are expected to return either an `Array of strings` or just a `string`. If you return an array - each item will be separated by a newline in the output.

## Usage using all default options

```js
//...
.pipe(todo{
    fileName: 'todo.md',
    verbose: false,
    newLine: gutil.linefeed,
    transformComment: function (file, line, text) {
        return ['| ' + file + ' | ' + line + ' | ' + text];
    },
    transformHeader: function (kind) {
        return ['### ' + kind + 's',
            '| Filename | line # | todo',
            '|:------|:------:|:------'
        ];
    }
})
//...
```

## License

MIT ©2014 **Gilad Peleg**

Commit message:

add partial support for stylus. closes #12

README.md, after:

# [gulp](https://github.com/wearefractal/gulp)-todo
> Generate a TODO.md file from comments of files in stream

[![NPM Version](http://img.shields.io/npm/v/gulp-todo.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/gulp-todo)
[![NPM Downloads](http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/gulp-todo.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/gulp-todo)
[![Build Status](http://img.shields.io/travis/pgilad/gulp-todo.svg?style=flat)](https://travis-ci.org/pgilad/gulp-todo)

Parse files from a stream, extract todos/fixmes from comments and output a markdown file.

## Install

Install with [npm](https://npmjs.org/package/gulp-todo)

```bash
$ npm install --save-dev gulp-todo
```

## Usage

```js
var gulp = require('gulp');
var todo = require('gulp-todo');

//parse all your javascript files
gulp.task('todo', function() {
    gulp.src('js/**/*.js')
        .pipe(todo())
        .pipe(gulp.dest('./'));
});

//generate todo from your jade files
gulp.task('jade-todo', function() {
    gulp.src('partials/**/*.jade')
        .pipe(todo({
                fileName: 'jade-todo.md'
            }))
        .pipe(gulp.dest('./'));
});
```

## Supported Filetypes

- Javascript (`.js`) - using Esprima
- Jade (`.jade`) - using regex
- Stylus (`.styl`) - using regex. No support for todos/fixmes in block comments.

If you pass a file without a path (*i.e just data*) it will be parsed as a javascript file.

#### PRs for additional filetypes is welcomed!!

## API

`todo(params)`

`params` is an optional object, that may contain the following properties:

### fileName

Specify the output filename.

**Type**: `String`

**Default**: `todo.md`

### newLine

How to separate lines in the output file. Defaults to your OS's default line separator.

**Type**: `String`

**Default**: `\n`

### verbose

Output comments to console as well.

**Type**: `Boolean`

**Default**: `false`

### transformHeader(kind)

Control the output of a header for each comment kind (*i.e todo, fixme*).

**Type**: `Function`

**Default**:
```js
function (kind) {
    return ['### ' + kind + 's',
        '| Filename | line # | todo',
        '|:------|:------:|:------'
    ];
}
```

**kind**: will be be passed as the comment kind (todo/fixme).

**Returns**: `String[]|String`

You are expected to return either an `Array of strings` or just a `string`. If you return an array - each item will be separated by a newline in the output.

### transformComment(file, line, text, kind)

Control the output for each comment.

**Type**: `Function`

**Default**:
```js
function (file, line, text) {
    return ['| ' + file + ' | ' + line + ' | ' + text];
}
```

**file**: filename the comment was in.

**line**: line of comment.

**text**: comment text

**kind**: will be be passed as the comment kind (todo/fixme).

**Returns**: `String[]|String`

You are expected to return either an `Array of strings` or just a `string`. If you return an array - each item will be separated by a newline in the output.

## Usage using all default options

```js
//...
.pipe(todo{
    fileName: 'todo.md',
    verbose: false,
    newLine: gutil.linefeed,
    transformComment: function (file, line, text) {
        return ['| ' + file + ' | ' + line + ' | ' + text];
    },
    transformHeader: function (kind) {
        return ['### ' + kind + 's',
            '| Filename | line # | todo',
            '|:------|:------:|:------'
        ];
    }
})
//...
```

## License

MIT ©2014 **Gilad Peleg**
